Yo boy, you can pretend
What else?
Master Wu, come and clarify
Hum ok
What are you, you deserve it?
Master Wu is young
Shi is a young genius in the jewelry industry
Later became a master
Even if the mountain is closed, it is still the best in the world
What are you?
The surname Chen, you are blowing too much cowhide
Let him come and help you prove it.
I see you don't cry at the sight of an official
All dead you
Don't you know if you blow it or not?
Ok I'll wait here
If Master Wu doesn't come today
If you don't break your arms or legs
Don't walk out of here
With me in the school forest, don't think about it for a day
Shangguan Yarong
Your fiancé is my renter
So what?
You sing every night, I never care about you
You don't care about me
What do you mean?
If you are not satisfied
You can divorce at any time.
bitch
Wait for me I will marry you and see how I play you
Shangguan Eye
You remember
My Xiao family will destroy your Shangguan family
I'll give you face today
Give this kid ten minutes
If Master Wu doesn't come
I will break your legs